= ruby-xen (born sep 2008 - still immature!)

http://github.com/mbailey/ruby-xen


== DESCRIPTION:

ruby-xen is a ruby library for managing Xen virtual servers. It currently 
wraps the command line tools provided by Xen (xm) as well as Steve Kemps 
excellent Xen-tools [http://www.xen-tools.org/software/xen-tools/].

ruby-xen is packaged as a Rails Gem which means you can require it from
a Ruby on Rails project and make use of the classes it provides.

ruby-xen can also be used by ruby code or from irb.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* FIX (list of features or problems)

== SYNOPSIS:

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'ruby-xen'
  include Xen

  slice = Slice.find :example 
  slice.running? # true
  slice.stop
  slice.running? # false
  slice.start
  slice.running? # true
  
  slice.backups   # => [#<Xen::Backup:0xb7a96520 @name=:example, @version="20090118">]
  s.create_backup # => #<Xen::Backup:0xb7a922a4 @name=:example, @version="20090123">



== REQUIREMENTS:

ruby-xen must be run as root as it uses Xen's 'xm' command.
xen-tools must be installed (http://www.xen-tools.org/software/xen-tools/)

== INSTALL:

sudo gem install ruby-xen

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Mike Bailey

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.